We're back in LINK VRAINS.
The real one.
Yes Ai,
but there's still
much work to do.
(Ai)
Yeah, a lot of work...
And it's gonna be harder now
that all our friends are gone...
Kolter, Soulburner,
Blue Maiden...
Flame, Aqua, Earth,
Windy, even Lightning...
They're all gone.
Why doesn't it feel
like we won?
What happened to the happily
ever after part?
(gasps)
(moaning)
Ai!
♪♪♪
(Ai)
Look, Playmaker!
They're waking up!
(moaning)
What happened?
How long was I out?
My head is killing me.
How can this be?
Bohman must've
restored their data.
(moans)
Soulburner!
Playmaker?
I really really hope
that's really really you.
Cuz if so,
that means we won
the war!
Well, Playmaker,
you succeeded.
Hey, Boss!
Check it out!
It sure does look
like LINK VRAINS
is all back to normal!
That means Playmaker
must've won.
Course he did...
you saw it!
But if ya didn't that means
we might not have any footage!
Yeah. And no paycheck.
Right,
and no paycheck
which I shoulda seen coming
since your eyes were shut!
(gasps)
(sighs)
Skye! You're okay!
Yeah and it looks
like you are too.
Bohman decided to let
all of you go free.
But why would
he do that?
I'm sure he had his reasons,
and I'm kinda worried
we're gonna find out why.
(Blue Maiden)
The other LINK VRAINS
is vanishing.
That means the war
really is over.
Yeah...
I wish all of us could've
celebrated it together.
(grunts)
Yeah... Me too.
Two hot dog sandwiches
and a coffee please.
That's quite the combo.
So, you're still working
the grill here, Yusaku?
Yea I'm just filling
in for a bit
while the owner's visiting
his brother at the hospital.
I was just there.
I was visiting
a friend
who's been asleep
for a very long time.
But thankfully,
she's all better now.
(Man)
SOL Technologies
brings you the future
with SOLtiS:
the world's first android
made just for you!
For the office, at play,
or even at home,
SOLtiS will take care
of your every need!
Hey,
maybe it can grill
your dogs for ya.
But you might be
out of a job then.
At least you wouldn't
have to sweat away
at the grill all day!
But I like
grilling.
Thank you!
See ya around!
She still doesn't know
you're the Playmaker
who's saved her
life a buncha times?
Does she really
need to, Theodore?
Hey, I get it.
You're just playing it cool.
I do like your style, Yusaku.
And speakin' of style,
I left my wallet
in my other hoodie so...
This cup's for free.
Kolter's got it.
Ah?
He said it's the least
he could do...
for helping save his
and his brother's life.
You're right.
It is the least he could do.
But I'll take it with a smile!
Where is he?
Hangin' out with Jin?
Yeah.
And Ai?
He isn't around here either.
And Roboppi hasn't
been functioning at all.
Oh man that stinks,
Yusaku.
Without having Ai
and Roboppi around
it must be really
quiet at home.
I never would've
thought
that I'd actually miss
all of their noise.
But Ai told me he needed
some time alone to think.
And after losing his friends,
I don't blame him one bit.
I know how he feels.
I still can't believe
Flame's gone.
I'm sorry.
Hey man, I didn't mean
to bum you out.
I mean, I'm sad
and everything
but you wanna
know something?
I'd rather be sad
then never have gotten
a chance to know him.
And who woulda thought
we'd be best buds.
After the way things
started between us.
I don't know
if I was more shocked
or more scared that day.
(gasps)
(Flame)
It's about time you dug
your Duel Disk
out of your closet.
I was starting to worry
you never would.
(gasps)
We can finally talk face to fa
(screams)
This is no way to treat a guest!
I knew it!
I totally knew I wasn't
hearing or seeing things!
You sir are a ghost!
(Flame)
Ghosts are not real, Theodore.
Now, if we can
discuss this calmly--
Ahhhhhh!
If you crush me
you'll never know why you
were in the Lost Incident!
(gasps)
Now if you would please
put down that trunk,
I would feel safer.
All right!
I won!
I did it!
(Flame)
I knew you would.
Because I saw
a fire in your eyes
that could never
be extinguished.
Oh you did, huh?
Uh...
What was your name again?
(Flame)
Oh how rude.
I never introduced
myself.
I'm Flame.
F-L-A-M-E.
The F stands for Formidable.
The L is for Lively.
The A is--
Whoa, c'mon
slow down there, Flame!
You don't have to go
and tell me
what your name means.
Wha-?
You don't like it?
Fine, go on.
The A is for Awesome...
When we first met,
I couldn't wait
to get rid of him.
But now, what I wouldn't
give for just
one more moment
with him.
Sure.
Thinking back
on the whole thing,
so much has changed.
I mean, who woulda ever thought
that we'd would work together
with the Knights of Hanoi
after everything they did?
Varis,
why did you reach out
and call us here?
I called you here
for a simple reason:
I request your assistance.
(Ghost Gal)
Hold on a sec.
The Varis is asking us for help?
(Varis)
Why would that surprise you?
Though we are on opposite sides,
we do have the same goal,
which is to defeat
the Light Ignis.
Therefore our interests
are quite aligned.
So if you help me,
you're helping
yourselves as well.
So long story short,
the big bad Varis is scared
of the teeny tiny Lightning!
You can believe
whatever you want
because what an Ignis thinks
is no concern of mine.
(Soulburner)
I'll never team up
with you, Varis!
After everything
you did to ruin my life?
If it wasn't
for your Lost Incident,
my parents would still be
a part of my life!
Soulburner.
(Soulburner)
Sorry everyone
but this is one of those times
when I gotta do what I gotta do!
Or my soul will never
be at rest.
I'm about to take you down!
Kay.
I'll attack and--
(grunts)
(screaming)
Soulburner, are you ok?
I couldn't do it.
Even if I won the duel this way,
what.. what would it actually
get me in the end?
Listen, Soulburner,
I'm not going to ask
for your forgiveness
because, frankly, I've done
absolutely nothing wrong.
But this isn't the time
to argue that point
because what we need
to do is work together
to defeat the Light Ignis.
And after that task is done
we'll make time to settle
our differences.
Fine then.
You know, if it
wasn't for Varis,
we wouldn't have
learned all the secrets
that Lightning
was hiding from us.
(Playmaker)
Now I understand
why Bohman's deck
kept getting stronger
with every meeting.
Because you two were
working together,
and you were supplying
him with new cards.
Like JUDGMENT ARROWS.
What?
JUDGEMENT ARROWS?
You mean the card that was used
to destroy the Cyberse?
That means...
the one who destroyed
the Cyberse was...
Lightning?
(Flame)
What would possess you
to do such a terrible thing?
(Lightning)
You're getting too emotional
so you're not
thinking rationally.
As the leader of the Ignis,
I'm the one tasked
with making the tough,
if not unpopular,
decisions.
Now, I don't expect you
to fully understand--
You're right, Lightning.
I don't!
But it was the most logically
sound decision.
I don't think you know
what logically means!
(Lightning)
Then I guess I must
spell it out for you.
The humans were going
to destroy the Cyberse anyway.
Maybe not today,
maybe not tomorrow,
but it was inevitable.
All I did was
speed up the timeline.
(gasping)
So what haven't you
told us yet, Varis?
(Ai)
Yes, spill it, Varis!
As I said earlier,
there were two
key differences...
between the simulations
that my father ran
and that which
the Light Ignis ran.
After both running millions,
billions of simulations,
paths branching
into other paths,
the second difference proved
to be the most interesting.
(grunting)
There was a difference
in how they each chose
to run their simulations.
When my father ran his,
he grouped all six Ignis
together as one entity.
Which was a natural thing to do
since he naturally expected
all the Ignis to work
together as one.
And the result showed
that humans and the Ignis
could not coexist.
But when the Light Ignis
ran its simulation
it treated the six Ignis
as separate individuals,
running separate simulations
for each of the six.
And the Light Ignis discovered
something it did not expect.
That the humans could
coexist with the Ignis.
What?
Hold the marmalade.
Lightning's simulations
said we can coexist?
Then why does it also
say we can't coexist?
Huh? Huh?
Well no, not with all
of the Ignis.
Humans could coexist
with 5 of the 6 Ignis.
But when the sixth Ignis
is added to the simulation,
it all falls apart.
This single Ignis is why humans
and Ignis cannot coexist.
Because it is the very source
of all our conflict.
And that's the secret
the Light Ignis was hiding.
Because this sixth Ignis
is the Light Ignis!
When Lightning initiated
his war against humanity,
he decided to create his own
AI army to take us on.
Yeah, no kidding.
And he didn't
just create any army.
He built the most powerful
AI duelist anyone's ever faced.
Yes, he did.
Bohman would evolve
after every duel.
Now, Playmaker...
I'm going to play a card
that you have never
witnessed before.
Huh?
What card's that?
It's a new type of spell!
A Link Spell!
JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Take this, Playmaker!
(growl)
(grunts)
C'mon, get up!
That pillar broke
your fall!
(grunts)
How did Bohman's dueling get
so much better so quickly?
So Bohman, If I am correct,
Lightning created you
to serve him and do his bidding?
That's right.
But know that I am an AI
that's superior to the Ignis.
When all Ignis fall
in line before me,
then the other inferior
creatures will as well.
Because I am the vessel
that will once again
unite the Ignis as one.
I've said before that
LINK VRAINS and I are one.
Therefore, so is everyone
within LINK VRAINS.
My Neuron Link
allows me
to tap into their
mental energies
like batteries.
So that's how you were able
to create a Data Storm that big?
Wow, you must've tapped
into a ginormous
number of noggins!
That's correct.
,One individual is not capable
of generating much energy,
but when there's a source
with millions of minds
that I can tap into,
that Data Storm is
only the beginning
of what I can achieve.
Now you will experience
the true and terrible extent...
of my power!
Can you imagine what the
world would be like
if Bohman won?
Huh.
You wouldn't have
to imagine it,
because you wouldn't
actually exist.
I guess that's technically true
because Bohman was gonna
go and erase all of us.
He truly believed that humans
and AIs couldn't coexist.
Because our two groups are just
too distinctly different
from one another.
And that, Theodore,
is where we and Bohman
disagree with each other.
At the core we're
not so different.
We both just want
to exist in peace.
Besides, our differences
shouldn't separate us,
they should bring us together.
Hey, who would have thought
that you were such
a philosophiser.
I know, you should
probably write a book
and you can call it
maybe something like
Deep Thoughts with Playmaker,
or Playmaker's Playosophy.
Whatever you call it,
I know
that in the end humans
and AIs can both coexist.
Because you
and Flame were proof.
You two were
perfect partners.
(Theodore)
Heh, thanks.
The war may have highlighted
the struggles we face
to overcome our differences,
but if Flame and I can
work thru them, we all can.
(Roken)
Is that the lesson you learned?
Because that's the wrong
conclusion to make.
(gasps)
Varis!
I can't believe he rolls up
the sleeves of his sportscoat?
That's just
the worst.
Please, it's Roken
out here in the real world.
Yusaku and Theodore.
You two have fallen
into the same delusion
as the rest of the fools
you see around you.
They've already
forgotten humanity
was on the verge
of extinction,
that the peace they see
around them is a momentary one.
The Ignis threat
may be over,
but AIs continue
to exist.
So as these people
lounge around,
taking their selfies,
AIs continue
to evolve and improve.
And they will prove
to be a bigger threat
than the Ignis
ever have.
That's why the Hanoi
remain ever vigilant.
Because another war
is coming
and nothing about our fight
against the Ignis
has changed my mind one bit.
You're wrong.
And why's that?
Because you two worked together
so well with a handful of Ignis?
And conveniently forget
the thousands of other
AIs trying to destroy us?
Can you say
with 100% crtainty
that your Dark Ignis
will never turn against you?
I can.
I trust Ai completely.
Time and time again,
he was willing to risk
his life for me.
(grunts)
Gotcha, Playmaker!
Wha-? Ai?
(Ai)
Allow me to give you a hand!
(laughs)
Get it?
I know what you wanna say:
Thank you, danke, obrigado,
grazie, merci, arigato,
less than three.
But in whatever language,
you are welcome!
Alley-oop!
You said that you couldn't
leave the Duel Disk.
(Ai)
I never said that.
You did. Or did I?
Eh, I say a lot of things.
And I'm saying now
that I can boost your board!
Oh.
I can also form a shield,
but a limited one,
so try not bumping into stuff.
It stings when rocks bam my bod.
I can't make any promises, Ai.
(Ai grunts)
Can't or won't?
Fine, I'm ready,
so step on the gas!
Ow! Ow ow!
Ow ow ow owowowowow!
Step off the gas!
Step off the gassss!!!
Please.
(Playmaker)
You're fine.
You'd give up your own existence
for these humans?
Ai, you don't need
to do this!
I know I don't need to.
I want to.
Besides, you gotta win
this duel for everybody,
and that won't happen if Bohman
gets his Neuron Link back.
I'll stop you!
Stay away!
Remember, Playmaker,
this isn't
just our duel anymore.
It's Kolter's duel too!
And Soulburner's!
And Blue Maiden's...
Zaizen's... and Gore Gal's!
Even Varis and Spectre's!
(grunts)
Come back!
This duel is for everybody
who fell so we could
make it here!
(grunts)
And I'm not forgetting Flame,
Aqua and Earth too!
Or Windy and Lightning!
(grunts)
'Cuz even though it wasn't
what we pictured,
they wanted peace too.
So if we're all gonna
win this together,
I gotta do my part,
even if I gotta leave
a few parts o' me behind!
And after all this is over,
if you wanna build
a statue of me,
I'm not gonna say no.
So just win this duel.
Later, Playmaker.
(Playmaker)
Ai!
Ai may be the last
Ignis remaining,
but know that I will do
whatever it takes
to make sure the Ignis
do not go extinct.
That's right, pal.
(Roken)
What a joke.
But you were always a joke.
Now that the war
against the Ignis is over,
there's no longer any need
for us to team up.
If you get in the way
of my fight against the AIs,
I'll make sure you regret it.
Really now?
You think we'll back down
just cuz you threaten us?
It's not
a threat.
It's a promise.
(grunts)